the participants start quite
couple tries to highlight my full moon
with the exemplary silk skin there they go
the two to fight for the first place
cinnamon skin and the copy amis luna
full
meanwhile attack by the party
center of the court for the third
post of 7 intends to continue
putting the number 2 your pearl have
tour the first quarter of villa there
fight for the first location dominating
slightly by the central part of the
court the copy number 6 million
full insists cinnamon skin and for the part
outside I warned will need
meanwhile it comes with the room
put hard the copy to his pearl
the one that searched the outside of the
track attacks for the fifth thousand love the
quiz with tremendous action for the part
outside of the track I've been watching
the 8 cinnamon skin when they approach
the last curve rae the also advances
through the central part of the track continues
dominating cinnamon skin enter the right
attack my a don the kiss and you're
practically equaling the toe cap comes
for the third place by the center
the example track have to be more than
dorel keys on the inside inside
cinnamon and andy being gets between the
two in the final 150 meters
andy be the 9th step of the trip to liquidate
the competition escapes with 45 of
Advantage bothering to be number 9
second half now the crystal of the
cinnamon skin fourth brittany fifth its
back the next morningside pearl
my moon full energy rae the and that roth
banker in last place